# Predicting Student Health Risk
> Playground Series - Season 6 Episode 7

---
Overview
Welcome to the 2026 Kaggle Playground Series! We plan to continue in the spirit of previous playgrounds, providing interesting and approachable datasets for our community to practice their machine learning skills, and anticipate a competition each month.

Your Goal: Predicting student health risk.
---
Evaluation
Submissions are evaluated on balanced accuracy between the predicted class and the observed target.

Submission File
For each id in the test set, you must predict a label(at-risk, unhealthy, fit) for the health_condition variable. The file should contain a header and have the following format:

id,health_condition
690088,at-risk
690089,at-risk
690090,at-risk
etc.
Timeline
Start Date - July 1, 2026
Entry Deadline - Same as the Final Submission Deadline
Team Merger Deadline - Same as the Final Submission Deadline
Final Submission Deadline - July 31, 2026
All deadlines are at 11:59 PM UTC on the corresponding day unless otherwise noted. The competition organizers reserve the right to update the contest timeline if they deem it necessary.

About the Tabular Playground Series
The goal of the Tabular Playground Series is to provide the Kaggle community with a variety of fairly light-weight challenges that can be used to learn and sharpen skills in different aspects of machine learning and data science. The duration of each competition will generally only last a few weeks, and may have longer or shorter durations depending on the challenge. The challenges will generally use fairly light-weight datasets that are synthetically generated from real-world data, and will provide an opportunity to quickly iterate through various model and feature engineering ideas, create visualizations, etc.

Synthetically-Generated Datasets
Using synthetic data for Playground competitions allows us to strike a balance between having real-world data (with named features) and ensuring test labels are not publicly available. This allows us to host competitions with more interesting datasets than in the past. While there are still challenges with synthetic data generation, the state-of-the-art is much better now than when we started the Tabular Playground Series six years ago, and that goal is to produce datasets that have far fewer artifacts. Please feel free to give us feedback on the datasets for the different competitions so that we can continue to improve!

Prizes
1st Place - Choice of Kaggle merchandise
2nd Place - Choice of Kaggle merchandise
3rd Place - Choice of Kaggle merchandise
Please note: In order to encourage more participation from beginners, Kaggle merchandise will only be awarded once per person in this series. If a person has previously won, we'll skip to the next team.

Citation
Yao Yan, Walter Reade, Elizabeth Park. Predicting Student Health Risk. https://kaggle.com/competitions/playground-series-s6e7, 2026. Kaggle.
---
